feat(react-grid): allow showing group summary in a group row (#1738)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-grid/docs/reference/table-group-row.md

contentComponent | ComponentType&lt;[TableGroupRow.ContentProps](#tablegrouprowcontentprops)&gt; | | A component that renders a group cell content.
iconComponent | ComponentType&lt;[TableGroupRow.IconProps](#tablegrouprowiconprops)&gt; | | A component that renders a group expand icon.
indentCellComponent? | ComponentType&lt;[TableGroupRow.IndentCellProps](#tablegrouprowindentcellprops)&gt; | null | A component that renders a group indent cell.
inlineSummaryComponent | ComponentType&lt;[TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryProps](#tablegrouprowinlinesummaryprops)&gt; | | A component that renders a group summary inside a group caption.
inlineSummaryItemComponent | ComponentType&lt;[TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryItemProps](#tablegrouprowinlinesummaryitemprops)&gt; | | A component that renders a group inline summary item.
summaryCellComponent | ComponentType&lt;[TableGroupRow.SummaryCellProps](#tablegrouprowsummarycellprops)&gt; | | A component that renders a group summary in a corresponding column.

> summaryItemComponent | ComponentType&lt;[TableSummaryRow.ItemProps](table-summary-row.md#tablesummaryrowitemprops)&gt; | | A component that renders a group row summary item.

Reviewer: Is the type `TableSummaryRow.ItemProps` correct?

> stubCellComponent | ComponentType&lt;[TableGroupRow.StubCellProps](#tablegrouprowstubcellprops)&gt; | | A component that renders a stub cell used to align summary items against their columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stubCellComponent | ComponentType&lt;[TableGroupRow.StubCellProps](#tablegrouprowstubcellprops)&gt; | | A component that renders a stub cell used to align summary items in their columns.
```

columnName | string | The name of a column to extend.
showWhenGrouped? | boolean | Specifies whether the grid displays the column by which data is grouped.

### TableGroupRow.GroupInlineSummary

Describes a summary item prepared for showing inside a group row caption.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------
columnTitle | string | The title of a column associated with the current summary item.
type | [SummaryType](#summarytype) | A summary type.
value | number | A summary value.
messageKey | string | A string specifying a [unique key](#localization-messages) used to get a localization message.

> component | ReactNode | A React node used to render the summary value.

Author: In fact a component renders the summary value, e.g.
[ Max: ][ 10 ] <- component that can be formatted via DataTypeProvider
 ^ getMessage(..)

row | [GroupRow](#grouprow) | The group row.
column | [Column](grid.md#column) | A column associated with the group.

### TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryProps

Describes properties passed to a component that renders a container for summary items to be displayed in a group caption.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------
inlineSummaries | Array&lt;[GroupInlineSummary](#groupinlinesummary)&gt; | Summary items in this container.
inlineSummaryItemComponent | ComponentType&lt;[TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryItemProps](#tablegrouprowinlinesummaryitemprops)&gt; | A component that renders an inline group summary item.

> getMessage | ([messageKey](#localization-messages): string) => string | A function that gets a localized message by message ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
getMessage | ([messageKey](#localization-messages): string) => string | A function that uses the message ID to get a localized message.
```

### TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryItemProps

Describes properties passed to a component that renders a summary item in a group caption.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------
summary | [SummaryItem](summary-state.md#summaryitem) | The summary item.
getMessage | ([messageKey](#localization-messages): string) => string | A function that gets a localized message by message ID.

### TableGroupRow.SummaryCellProps

Describes properties passed to a component that renders a cell for a summary item in an appropriate column.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------
row | [GroupRow](#grouprow) | The group row.
column | [Column](grid.md#column) | The column for which the summary is calculated.

> onToggle | () => void | A function that is executed when the group row is being expanded or collapsed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
onToggle | () => void | A function that is executed when the group row is expanded or collapsed.
```

children | ReactNode | A React node to be rendered within the cell.

### TableGroupRow.StubCellProps

> Describes properties passed to a component that renders a stub cell used to align summary items against their columns.

Reviewer 2: "align summary items against their columns" Why 'against'?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describes properties passed to a component that renders a stub cell used to align summary items in their columns.
```

Extends [Table.CellProps](table.md#tablecellprops)

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------

> onToggle | () => void |  A function that is executed when a group row is being expanded or collapsed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
onToggle | () => void |  A function that is executed when a group row is expanded or collapsed.
```

key | number &#124; string | The current group key.
value | any | The current group value.

## Localization Messages

Field | Type | Default | Description
------|------|---------|------------

> count? | string | 'Count' | Specifies the count type's text for a group row summary.

Reviewer: Please change the other descriptions accordingly.

sum? | string | 'Sum' | Specifies the summary type's text for a group row summary.
min? | string | 'Min' | Specifies the minimum type's text for a group row summary.
max? | string | 'Max' | Specifies the maximum type's text for a group row summary.
avg? | string | 'Avg' | Specifies the average type text for a group row summary.

> countOf? | string | 'Count: ' | Specifies the count type's text for a group inline summary.

Reviewer: Please change the other descriptions accordingly.

TableGroupRow.Cell | [TableGroupRow.CellProps](#tablegrouprowcellprops) | A component that renders a group cell.
TableGroupRow.Content | [TableGroupRow.ContentProps](#tablegrouprowcontentprops) | A component that renders a group cell content.
TableGroupRow.Icon | [TableGroupRow.IconProps](#tablegrouprowiconprops) | A component that renders a group expand icon.

> TableGroupRow.InlineSummary | [TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryProps](#tablegrouprowinlinesummaryprops) | A component that renders a group summary inside a group caption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TableGroupRow.InlineSummary | [TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryProps](#tablegrouprowinlinesummaryprops) | A component that renders a container for group summary items in a group caption.
```

> TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryItem | [TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryItemProps](#tablegrouprowinlinesummaryitemprops) | A component that renders an inline group summary item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryItem | [TableGroupRow.InlineSummaryItemProps](#tablegrouprowinlinesummaryitemprops) | A component that renders a single group summary item in a group caption.
```

> TableGroupRow.SummaryCell | [TableGroupRow.SummaryCellProps](#tablegrouprowsummarycellprops) | A component that renders a group summary in a corresponding column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TableGroupRow.SummaryCell | [TableGroupRow.SummaryCellProps](#tablegrouprowsummarycellprops) | A component that renders a cell for a group summary item in an appropriate column.
```

> TableGroupRow.SummaryItem | [TableSummaryRow.ItemProps](table-summary-row.md#tablesummaryrowitemprops) | A component that renders a group summary item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TableGroupRow.SummaryItem | [TableSummaryRow.ItemProps](table-summary-row.md#tablesummaryrowitemprops) | A component that renders a group summary item in its column.
```
